Title: HULAFE – PanCareSurPass

Dr. Adela Cañete Nieto is a Paediatric Oncologist and Head of the Paediatric Oncology Unit of University Hospital La Fe since 2014. She is also Vice-Chairman of the Neuroblastoma group of SEHOP (Spanish Society of Paediatric Oncology-Haematology), member of the Cancer clinical research institute and the Molecular Paediatric Tumour Board of La Fe, and. Associated Professor of Paediatrics at the University of Valencia.
Adela leads the clinical work in the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.
Dr. Julia Balaguer is a Consultant Paediatric Oncologist in the Paediatric Oncology Unit at the Hospital Universitario y Politécnico La Fe since 2005. She is responsible for implementation of the regional program on Survivorship in paediatric cancer since 2020.
Julia is involved in the clinical work in the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.
María Piquer works at the La Fe Health Research Institute as a research nurse attached at the Paediatric Oncology Unit.
María is involved in the clinical work in the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.
Teresa Tormo works at the La Fe Health Research Institute as a young oncologist pediatrician.
Teresa is involved in the clinical work in the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.
Antonio Orduña is Head of Security and Quality of Information Systems at the Hospital La Fe Valencia since 2015. He is also Technical Secretary of the Local Committee of Information Security of the Hospital, Technical Secretary of the Information Management Committee of the Hospital La Fe,  and Member of the Ethics Committee of the Hospital La Fe in the role of data protection specialist.
Antonio is involved in the IT activities related to the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.
Marisa Correcher is Head of the health applications service since 2015. Her previous roles include CIO of the Regional Health Authority in the Government of the Valencian Community (2013-2015), CIO at the Hospital La Fe (1995-2012), Software Engineer at the Hospital La Fe (1990-1994) and Associate Professor at the Polytechnic University of Valencia (1989-1992).
Marisa is involved in the IT activities related to the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.
Vicente Pons has worked in HUPLaFe Valencia IT department since 2006. He has fifteen years of experience in hospital information systems and related technologies.
Vicente is involved in the IT activities related to the SurPass multi-country implementation study in Spain.