Title: PMC – PanCareSurPass

Prof. Leontien Kremer
(PMC) is the leader of clinical late effect research and epidemiology for pediatric oncology in PMC. Her focus is on childhood cancer survivorship research and evidence-based pediatric oncology care.
Leontien leads the pre-implementation study, which includes engagement with stakeholders via online surveys and ‘Open Space’ workshops. She will also lead activities to develop recommendations for survivorship care for survivors who are less than 5 years from the end of their treatment.
Dr. Helena van der Pal is a medical oncologist. Since 2016, she has been a senior staff member of the LATER Expertise Centre for adult survivors of childhood cancer in PMC. She has a PhD in late effects after treatment for childhood cancer and has participated in the Dutch LATER consortium from its inception.
Helena participates in the pre-implementation research looking at barriers and facilitators for SurPass implementation.
Dr. Saskia Pluijm is a senior scientist in the Princess Máxima Centre. Her current research focuses on lifestyle, physical activity and aging in children with cancer and survivors of childhood cancer.
Saskia participates in the pre-implementation research looking at barriers and facilitators for SurPass implementation.
Ismay de Beijer is a PhD-student with a background in Pedagogical- and Behavioral Sciences. Her PhD-project focuses specifically on uncovering barriers and facilitators related to the implementation of the
SurPass v2.0
. To ensure that all stakeholders are heard and to further explore the contextual factors, Ismay coordinates the organization of Open Space meetings in the six participating European centers. In these Open Space meetings, the participants (e.g. survivors and healthcare professionals) are encouraged to determine for themselves what the discussion will be about and to take responsibility for guiding the sessions. Furthermore, Ismay works on developing guidelines for the delivery of survivorship care for childhood cancer survivors less than five years from the end of treatment